docs: add additional payments documentation (#27379)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/onchain-finance/agentic-payments/recurring-payments.mdx

keywords:
  - recurring payments
  - streaming payments
  - subscriptions
  - scheduled payments
  - payment automation
goal:
  description: >-
    Reader can implement recurring or streaming payment patterns on Sui
    using offchain schedulers or onchain streaming objects
  requires:
    - has_frontmatter:
        - title
        - description
        - keywords
      label: Has required frontmatter fields
    - min_words: 300
      label: Needs more content depth
    - pattern: '```'
      min: 1
      label: Has code examples
    - has_questions: true
      label: Needs questions for AI search visibility
    - has_answer: true
      label: Needs answer summary for AI citation
builder_paths:
  - path_id: agentic-payments
    path_name: Agentic Payments
    step: Recurring payments
    stage: Patterns
questions:
  - How do I implement recurring payments on Sui?
  - What is a streaming payment on Sui?
  - How do I build a subscription payment system on Sui?
answer: >-
  Sui has no native recurring payments. Use an offchain scheduler with a
  spending mandate for periodic payments, or lock funds in a shared
  StreamPayment object with a linear unlock schedule.
---

> Sui does not have native recurring payments. There is no cron system or auto-debit mechanism that pulls funds from an account on a schedule. Instead, you implement recurring payments using an offchain scheduler that triggers onchain transactions, or a prepaid streaming object that the recipient claims from over time.

Author: ```suggestion
Sui does not have native recurring payments, cron, or automatic debits from a user account. Recurring payments are usually implemented either by an offchain scheduler that submits authorized transactions, or by locking funds into an onchain stream or escrow object that the recipient claims from over time.
```
